Workflow for PFWRF setup over the Rocky Mountain headwaters

1. MPB: Identifies cells within domain to apply disturbance condition

2. PFCLM_Spinup: Creating the initial pressure condition for ParFlow in PFWRF
This folder contains all inputs necessary to run ParFlow coupled to the CLM
land surface model, which were used to establish initial hydraulic pressure
for ParFlow-WRF. Pressure inputs for three years of spinup are given (names
vary by SP1, SP2, SP3 for input for each consecutive year). The simulation
gives hourly outputs for pressure and saturation (and several CLM variables)
for green and grey phase scenarios. Pressure output for April 2 is used as
the initial pressure condition for ParFlow-WRF in step 4.

3. WPS: WRF Preprocessing system
Run geogrid.exe, ungrib.exe, and metgrid.exe, which sets up the WRF nested domains.

4. WRF_nested: Running WRF and ndown over nested domains to establish WRF IC/BC
Run real.exe and wrf.exe to run nest with one-way coupling, which produces
wrfinput, wrfbdy and wrfout files for the top three domains. The two innermost
domains are then run with ndown.exe to produce wrfinput and wrfbdy for d04, the
innermost domain over which PF-WRF is run. The namelist for ndown should be edited
to include time lag ensemble by shifting the day at which ndown begins. We do this
8 times for an 8-member ensemble.

5. PFWRF: 1) Starting the coupled model for 8 ensemble members on 4-02 
          2) Increasing ensemble variance on 4-12 and applying disturbance perturbation
-One example has been given for a single ensemble member (S1), and instructions are 
included for how to run for other members
-Step one is an initialization step for ParFlow-WRF beginning on April 2. It uses IC/BC
from steps 4 and 2, and the run time length varies between 10 days (beginning on 4-02)
and 3 days (beginning on 4-09) depending on the time lag ensemble member. This step
produces wrfout files (not used) and wrfrst files daily.
-Step two restarts the model on April 12. Grab the wrf restart file on April 12 from
the PFWRF initialization step. Run the included R scripts to apply an amplitude
increase to the ensemble variance for T, U, V, and P (if full ensemble has been
started on April 2), to initialize snow, and to run the land disturbance scenario 
(if in the 'grey' scenario folder).

